Update dependencies (#91)
kentcdodds/match-sorter: other/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> reported by contacting the project team at kent+coc@doddsfamily.us. All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team at me+coc@kentcdodds.com. All
```
